THE HOME DEPOT, INC. (HD-NYSE)
US RESEARCH | PUBLISHED BY
Hardline Retail | Home/Land Improvement Retail
RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES
Bobby Griffin, CFA | (727) 567-2546 | bobby.griffin@raymondjames.com
MAY 19, 2026 | 8:06 AM EDT
Alessandra Jimenez, Sr. Res. Assoc. | (727) 567-5761 | alessandra.jimenez@raymondjames.com
COMPANY BRIEF
Anthony DeLise, Sr. Res. Assoc. | anthony.delise@raymondjames.com
Market Perform 3
Modest 1Q26 EPS Beat; 2026 Outlook Reiterated
Suitability M/ACC
Home Depot (Market Perform rated) delivered a modest F1Q26 beat versus
expectations (F1Q26 MARKET DATA
adj. EPS of $3.43 vs. consensus view of $3.41), driven by total revenue outperformance
(comps Current Price (May-18-26) $299.81
missed) and tighter expense control (versus consensus model). While results
Market Cap (mln) $298,458
in modestly ahead of expectations, management unsurprisingly reiterated
(excl. comps) came
noting underlying demand trends remain relatively similar to 2025
Current Net Debt (mln) $49,416
consumer uncertainty and housing affordability pressure (ongoing delay in
its FY26 outlook,
are up modestly in pre-market trading. We will provide additional commentary
Enterprise Value (mln) $347,874
a.m. ET conference call.
trends, despite greater Shares Outstanding (mln) 995.5
Management comments (CNBC) on homeowners: In a CNBC interview
30-Day Avg. Daily Value (mln) $1,373.7
Richard McPhail noted homeowners remain resilient despite higher gas
large projects). Shares
consumer confidence. That said, consumers continue to defer their spend
Dividend $9.32
change versus prior quarters). See article
following the 9:00
(+) F1Q26 adj. EPS was $3.43 (down ~4% versus $3.56 in F1Q25), modestly
Dividend Yield 3.1%
estimate and the $3.41 consensus.
52-Week Range $296.88 - $426.75
(+) Total revenue of $41.8B (+4.8% y/y) was above our $41.6B estimate (also
Long-Term Debt (mln) $46,341
(-) F1Q26 total comps of +0.6% (U.S. +0.4%) were below our 0.8% estimate
this morning, CFO
On a two-year stack basis F1Q comps worsened sequentially to 0.3% from
prices and declining KEY FINANCIAL METRICS
average ticket increased 2.2% y/y (two-year stack improved sequentially
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
F4Q), partially offset by a 1.3% decline in comparable transactions (two-year
on large projects (no
sequentially to -1.8% from -1.0% in F4Q).
Non-GAAP EPS ($, Jan FY)
(=) Gross margin was down 57 bp y/y at 33.2%, in line with our estimate
2024A
Additional color will likely be on the conference call.
3.67 4.67 3.78 3.13
(+) Adjusted operating expense rate (including D&A but excludes acquired
above our $3.40
$171M) increased ~20 bp y/y to 21.1%, below our 21.4% estimate and
2025A
(=) Management reiterates FY26 outlook: For FY26, management reiterated
3.56 4.68 3.74 2.72
versus our prior 1.2% estimate and the 1.4% consensus. Adj. operating
2026E
at 12.8-13.0% versus our prior 12.9% estimate and the 12.8% consensus.
consensus).
reiterated at flat to up 4% y/y (from $14.69), implying $14.69-15.28 versus
3.40 4.68 3.96 2.96
estimate and the $15.02 consensus.
2027E
Please read domestic and foreign disclosure/risk information beginning
(also consensus).
INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS: THE RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL CENTER
3.64 4.99 4.20 3.17
1.2%. Comparable
to 2.2% from 1.7% in 2024A 2025A 2026E 2027E
stack worsened Non-GAAP EPS ($, Jan FY)
15.24 14.69 15.00 16.00
P/E (Non-GAAP)
19.7x 20.4x 20.0x 18.7x
and consensus.
GAAP EPS ($, Jan FY)
14.91 14.23 14.48 15.46
Same-Store Sales Growth (Jan FY)
amortization of ~
(1.8)% 0.3% 1.2% 3.5%
the 21.3% consensus. Revenue (bln.) ($, Jan FY)
159.51 164.68 170.55 177.18
its comps at 0-2.0%
Source: FactSet OnDemand, Raymond James &
margin was reiterated Associates. Quarterly figures may not add to full
year due to rounding.
Adj. EPS growth was Non-GAAP EPS excludes one-time items.
our prior $15.00
on page 3 and Analyst Certification on page 3
| 880 CARILLON PARKWAY | ST. PETERSBURG FLORIDA 33716 US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
Exhibit 1:
PAGE 2 OF 10
Source: Home Depot, FactSet, Raymond James research US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
COMPANY DESCRIPTION
$450 8000
The Home Depot, Inc., headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia,
7500
is the largest U.S retailer of building materials and related
$400
products. At F1Q26 end, it operated 2,361 retail stores in
7000
all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S.
$350
Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and Mexico.
6500
IMPORTANT INVESTOR DISCLOSURES
$300
Unless otherwise specified, the term “Raymond James” shall denote, where
6000
James Ltd. (RJL), and their affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities.
06/25 07/25 08/25 09/25 10/25 11/25 12/25 01/26 02/2603/26 04/26 05/26
Analyst Information
HD S&P 500
Analyst Compensation: Research analysts and associates at Raymond
appropriate, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA), Raymond
enter into the compensation determination for an analyst, including:
James are compensated on a salary and bonus system. Several factors
accuracy, v) overall revenue and profitability levels of the department and
i) research quality, ii) team productivity, iii) client feedback, iv) rating
and vi) compensation levels for comparable research analysts at competing
firm (a portion of which is generated by investment banking activities)
Registration of Non-U.S. Analysts: The analysts listed on the front of
firms.
registered/qualified as research analysts under FINRA rules and are not subject
this report who are not employees of, or associated with, RJA are not
companies, trading securities held by a research analyst account, and obligations
to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on communications with covered
This global disclosure considers all entities of Raymond James and its affiliates.
related to identifying and managing conflicts of interest.
what is permitted. For example, if the persons responsible for the content
The jurisdiction where the analyst(s) is registered will determine
applicable rules promulgated by the regulatory organization(s) where this
of this report are not licensed as research analysts in accordance with
should contact their Raymond James representative.
report is distributed, any client wishing to effect trades in any security
The analyst Bobby Griffin, primarily responsible for the preparation
of this research report, attests to the following: (1) that the views
and opinions rendered in this research report reflect his or her personal
views about the subject companies or issuers and (2) that no part
of the research analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be directly or
indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this
research report.
and target prices includes a number of qualitative and quantitative
Company Specific Disclosures
and overall attractiveness; management effectiveness; competition;
Methodology: The Raymond James methodology for assigning ratings
Collectively, these factors are subject to change depending on overall
factors, including an assessment of industry size, structure, business trends,
price and rating changes for any subject companies over the past three
visibility; financial condition; and expected total return, among other factors.
and Underperform are not assigned a price target.
economic conditions or industry- or company-specific occurrences.
PAGE 3 OF 10
Target Prices: The information below indicates Raymond James’ target
years. Price targets set to NM = Not Meaningful. Securities rated Market Perform US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
The Home Depot, Inc.
(HD) | May-18-26
$450.00
Jan 25 Apr 25 Jul 25 Oct 25 Jan 26 Apr 26
$400.00
1 MO2-Outperform 2 MP3-Market Perform 3 MU4-Underperform 4
$350.00
Price Target
$300.00
which is based on our long-range earnings model that is available
$250.00
of the subject companies and the projected target prices and
Jul 23 Oct 23 Jan 24 Apr 24 Jul 24 Oct 24
with respect to customer demand or product/service pricing
S-Suspended NR-Not Rated R-Restricted UR-Under Review SB1-Strong Buy
issues relating to major competitors or market shares or new product
Closing Price
stock; (3) Unforeseen developments with respect to the management,
Valuation Methodology
valuation.
The Home Depot, Inc.
Accordingly, the company needs to continue to effectively recruit, train
To estimate the value of HD, we utilize its P/E or EV/EBITDA ratio comparison,
Further, the company has more than 413K employees and any changes
upon request.
affect Home Depot’s cost structure.
General Risk Factors
Any further breaches or failures to maintain the privacy and security of
Following are some general risk factors that pertain to the businesses
the company in addition to damage to brand’s reputation.
recommendations included on Raymond James research: (1) Industry fundamentals
label products.
could change and adversely impact expected revenues and earnings; (2)
responsibility for Home Depot to meet various regulatory requirements
expectations could change investor attitude toward the sector or this
customers. Therefore, the company is subject to the same risks
financial condition or accounting policies or practices could alter the prospective
and quality of third-party installers. Failure to properly manage
Company Specific Risk Factors
by unfavorable changes in foreclosure rates, housing turnover, or
The Home Depot, Inc.
for further expansion are limited for the core ‘orange box’
Employees: Home Depot offers distinguished levels of customer service.
revenue growth potential could be limited.
and retain knowledgeable employees in order to maintain its standards.
as far as they are aware, there are no relationships or circumstances
to the minimum wage rate or to competition increasing wages could adversely
of this recommendation directly or indirectly. This statement applies
Data breaches: Home Depot suffered from a data breach during 3Q14.
possible that persons making communications in relation to a security
customers or stakeholders would lead to incremental legal expenses for
James has controls in place to manage such risks.
Proprietary products: Home Depot has increased its assortment of private
subject companies), Raymond James may choose to provide specific
Due to the company’s larger role in sourcing these SKU’s, there is a greater
clients should refer to: raymondjames.bluematrix.com/sellside/
in addition to heightened product liability.
or 1.800.667.2899 in Canada. In other jurisdictions, please contact your
Installation business: Home Depot offers installation services for its professional
PAGE 4 OF 10
as general contractors, which include the management of licensing, permitting
installers could result in legal fees, brand deterioration and lost market share.
Housing market: Home Depot’s comp sales performance could be hindered
mortgage accessibility.
Limited opportunities for real-estate expansion: The company’s opportunities
concept. Accordingly, as the company continues to optimize its footprint
Relationship Disclosures
The person(s) responsible for the production of this report declare(s) that,
(including conflicts of interest) that may in any way impair the objectivity
equally to any persons closely associated with him or her. However, it is
may have a holding in that security and this will be disclosed. As stated, Raymond
In the event that this is a compendium report (i.e., covers six or more
disclosures for the subject companies by reference. To access these disclosures,
Disclosures.action or call toll free at 1.800.237.5643 in the United States US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
local Raymond James representative.
to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking
Company Name Disclosure
the next three months.
The Home Depot, Inc. Raymond James & Associates expects
a market in the shares of The Home Depot, Inc..
services from The Home Depot, Inc. within
Regulatory Authority (FINRA) as a member firm. RJA is responsible for the
The Home Depot, Inc. Raymond James & Associates, Inc. makes
located at The Raymond James Financial Center, 880 Carillon Parkway,
Investor Disclosures
Headquarters), 727.567.1000. Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.
In the United States (or U.S.), RJA is registered with the Financial Industry
Corporate Headquarters.
preparation and distribution of reports created in the United States. RJA is
of Raymond James (USA) Ltd.), include the following entities, which
St. Petersburg, Florida 33716 (Raymond James Financial (RJF) Corporate
areas:
(RJFS) is registered with FINRA as a Member Firm. RJFS is located at the RJF
(CIRO) as a member firm. RJL is responsible for the preparation
RJA non-U.S. affiliates, which are not FINRA member firms (with the exception
925 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 3L2 (RJL Head Office),
are responsible for the creation or distribution of reports in their respective
as a member firm, which is responsible for the distribution of reports
In Canada, RJL is registered with the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization
Canada and Canadian clients living in the United States. RJLU is located
and distribution of reports created in Canada. RJL is located at Suite 2100,
(RJFI) and Raymond James Wealth Management Limited (RJWM) are
604.659.8200. Raymond James (USA) Ltd. (RJLU) is registered with FINRA
RJWM are located at Ropemaker Place, 25 Ropemaker Street, London,
created in Canada and the United States to both American clients living in
person or entity that is a citizen or resident of or located in a locality,
at the RJL Head Office.
availability, or use would be strictly prohibited or contrary to
In the United Kingdom, Raymond James Financial International Ltd.
for sale in some jurisdictions. This research is not an offer to sell or the
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). RJFI and
an offer or solicitation would be illegal. It is not investment advice and
England, EC2Y 9LY, +44 203 798 5600.
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs
This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any
as advice designed to meet the individual objectives of any particular
state, province, country, or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication,
making their investment decision. Some investments discussed in this
law or regulation. The securities discussed in this report may not be eligible
experience sudden and large falls in their value causing losses when that
solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such
with your Raymond James representative is recommended.
does not constitute a personal recommendation, nor does it take into account
not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Nothing in this
of individual clients. Information in this report should not be construed
that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to
investor. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in
to you.
report may have a high level of volatility. High volatility investments may
opinion reflect the judgment of the Research Departments of Raymond
investment is realized. Those losses may equal your original investment. Consultation
date above and is subject to change and may or may not be updated.
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are
Certain information has been obtained from third-party sources
report constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation
that such information is accurate or complete. Further, portions of
your individual circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation
from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed
With respect to materials prepared by Raymond James, all expressions of
that such content is accurate or complete.
James, and such opinions and any other information provided is as of the
commercial banking, corporate finance and securities issuance,
This report should not be deemed a recommendation to buy or sell any security.
administration, and custody, as well as other financial activities, all on
Raymond James considers reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee
number of market participants, institutions, and corporations,
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance
may include parties whose interests are not aligned with your interests,
and considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee
also include performing investment banking or other services for, or
Raymond James is engaged in lending, equity investing, investment banking,
this report. Raymond James may perform any of these services without
trading, research, advisory, underwriting, investment management, fund
that Raymond James has obtained or may obtain about such
a worldwide basis. As such, Raymond James has relationships with a significant
information that is not available to the contributors of the information
and provides, and will in the future provide, services to its clients, which
may execute transactions in the securities listed in this report
or whose interests may even be adverse to your interests, and which may
the course of conducting its day-to-day business activities, Raymond
soliciting investment banking business from, any company mentioned in
a financial interest that is inconsistent with your financial interests.
any duty to notify you of any such engagement or to disclose to you information
available at https://www.raymondjames.com/legal-disclosures for
companies or clients. Further, persons within Raymond James may have
PAGE 5 OF 10
contained in this report. Raymond James, including affiliates and employees,
that may not be consistent with any ratings appearing in this report. In
James will not consider your interests, and Raymond James may have
Please review RJA’s Annual Notice to Institutional Equites and Options Clients
additional information. US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
Raymond James reports are disseminated and available to Raymond
James clients simultaneously via electronic publication to Raymond
James' internal proprietary websites (RJA: RJ Client Access & raymondjames.com;
RJL: RJL ECM Client Access, RJL Retail Client Access &
raymondjames.ca). Not all reports are directly distributed to clients or
third-party aggregators. Certain maintenance reports may only be
disseminated on Raymond James' internal proprietary websites; however,
such reports will not contain changes to target price, valuation,
or investment or suitability rating. Individual Raymond James associates
may also opt to circulate published reports to one or more clients
electronically. This electronic communication distribution is discretionary
and is undertaken only after the report has been publicly disseminated
via publication to RJ's internal proprietary websites. The level and types
of communications provided by Raymond James associates to clients
may vary depending on various factors including, but not limited to, the client's
individual preference as to the frequency and manner of receiving
communications. For reports, models, or other data available on a particular
security, please contact your Raymond James representative or
financial advisor or visit for RJA: RJ Client Access & raymondjames.com; RJL:
RJL ECM Client Access, RJL Retail Client Access & raymondjames.ca.
Raymond James’ policy is to update reports as it deems appropriate, based
on developments with the subject company, the sector or the market
that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated
in a report. Raymond James' policy is only to publish reports that are
impartial, independent, clear, and fair and not misleading. Any information
relating to the tax status of the securities discussed in this report is
not intended to provide tax advice or to be used by anyone to provide tax
advice. Investors are urged to seek tax advice based on their particular
circumstances from an independent tax professional.
only. Raymond James is not affiliated with and does not endorse,
Links to third-party websites are being provided for information purposes
Raymond James is not responsible for the content of any third-party
authorize, or sponsor any of the listed websites or their respective sponsors.
and/or members. Raymond James has not reviewed any such third-
website or the collection or use of information regarding any website's users
Such address or hyperlink (including addresses or hyperlinks to
party websites and takes no responsibility for the content contained therein.
and information, and the content of any such website does not
Raymond James’ own website material) is provided solely for your convenience
link through this report or Raymond James’ website shall be at your
in any way form part of this report. Accessing such website or following such
property of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and its affiliates, except as
own risk. Additional information is available on request.
of Raymond James Financial, Inc. All trademarks, service marks, slogans,
All right, title, and interest in any Raymond James reports is the exclusive
data (“intellectual property”) displayed in the Raymond James reports
otherwise expressly stated. Raymond James® is the registered trademark
companies and third-party products or services or other intellectual
logos, trade dress and other identifiers, third-party data and/or market
trademarks, or service marks of their respective owners. U.S. and foreign
are the property of Raymond James, or of other parties. The names of other
property. You are prohibited from using any intellectual property
property mentioned in the Raymond James reports may be the copyright,
presentations, as domain names, or as metatags, without the express
copyright, trademark, common law rights and statutes protect this intellectual
the marks.
for any purpose including, but not limited to, use on other materials, in
this report are generally not eligible for sale in the U.S. unless they are
written permission of Raymond James or such other party that may own
the purchase or sale of a security in any state where such a solicitation
Notice to RJA PCG Financial Advisors - Non-U.S. securities discussed in
or sale of any security mentioned in the report that is not listed
listed on a U.S. securities exchange. This report may not be used to solicit
state Blue Sky laws. Furthermore, you acknowledge that you will
would be illegal. By accessing this report, you agree to not solicit the purchase
of trades in unregistered securities. Please contact the International
on a U.S. securities exchange, or is not otherwise registered under applicable
produce a total return of at least 15%, and outperform the S&P
be solely responsible for any and all costs associated with the rescission
equities, such as REITs and certain MLPs, a total return of at least
Research Liaison with any questions at 727.567.5559.
The security is expected to appreciate or outperform the S&P 500
Ratings and Definitions
equities, such as REITs and certain MLPs, an Outperform rating is used
RJA (U.S.) Definitions: Strong Buy (SB1) The security is expected to appreciate,
of the dividend and expects a total return modestly exceeding the
500 over the next six to 12 months. For higher yielding and more conservative
security is expected to perform generally in line with the S&P 500 over
15% is expected to be realized over the next 12 months. Outperform (MO2)
for more highly rated securities. Underperform (MU4) The security is
over the next 12-18 months. For higher yielding and more conservative
months and should be sold. Suspended (S) The security’s rating and
for securities where Raymond James is comfortable with the relative safety
to market events that made coverage impracticable or to comply with
dividend yield over the next 12-18 months. Market Perform (MP3) The
research coverage has been suspended, the previous rating and
the next 12 months and could potentially be used as a source of funds
relied upon.
expected to underperform the S&P 500 or its sector over the next six to 12
appreciate and produce a total return of at least 15% and outperform
price target have been suspended temporarily. This action may be due
(MO2) The security is expected to appreciate and outperform the S&P/
applicable regulations or firm policies in certain circumstances. When a security’s
The security is expected to perform generally in line with the S&P/TSX
price target are no longer in effect for this security, and they should not be
as a source of funds for more highly rated securities. Underperform
RJL (Canada) Definitions: Strong Buy (SB1) The security is expected to
Index or its sector over the next six to 12 months and should be sold.
the S&P/TSX Composite Index over the next six to 12 months. Outperform
temporarily. This action may be due to market events that made
TSX Composite Index over the next 12-18 months. Market Perform (MP3)
PAGE 6 OF 10
composite Index over the next 12 months and could potentially be used
(MU4) The security is expected to underperform the S&P/TSX Composite
Suspended (S) The security’s rating and price target have been suspended US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
coverage impracticable or to comply with applicable regulations or firm
policies in certain circumstances or may otherwise have a perceived
conflict of interest. When a security’s research coverage has been suspended,
the previous rating and price target are no longer in effect for this
security, and they should not be relied upon.
Rating Distribution* Investment Banking Relationships
Coverage Universe
RJL RJA RJL
RJA
187 74% 98 17% 56 30%
Strong Buy and Outperform (Buy) 564 62%
65 26% 26 8% 10 15%
Market Perform (Hold) 326 36%
2% 2 1% 1 5% 0 0%
Underperform (Sell) 19
254 100% 125 66
Total Number of Companies 909 100%
(beta) equities of companies with sound financials, consistent
* Columns may not add to 100% due to rounding.
securities in this category are structured with a focus on providing a
* Total does not include companies with a suspended rating.
(M/ACC) Larger capitalization equities of companies with sound
RJA Suitability Ratings (SR)
appreciation, and often a dividend yield. Moderately Aggressive Risk/
Moderate Risk/Provide Income (M/INC) Larger capitalization, lower volatility
with a focus on providing a dividend meaningfully above that of the
earnings, and dividend yields meaningfully above that of the S&P 500. Many
and the potential for long-term price appreciation. Moderately
consistent dividend or return of capital. Moderate Risk/Wealth Accumulation
in fast growing and competitive industries with less predictable
financials, consistent earnings growth, the potential for long-term price
changing market dynamics, and potential risk of principal. Aggressive
Provide Income (MA/INC) Generally equities of companies that are structured
with a focus on providing a meaningful dividend but may face
S&P 500. These companies typically feature sound financials, positive earnings,
changing market dynamics, financial and competitive issues, higher
Aggressive Risk/Wealth Accumulation (MA/ACC) Generally equities of companies
companies in this category may have a more volatile income stream from
earnings (or losses), potentially more leveraged balance sheets, rapidly
(A/ACC) Generally equities of companies with a short or unprofitable
Risk/Provide Income (A/INC) Generally equities of companies that are structured
with success, high volatility (beta), potential significant financial or
less predictable earnings (or losses), more leveraged balance sheets, rapidly
The algorithm utilizes data from multiple vendors, and all data is
price volatility (beta), and meaningful risk of loss of principal. Securities of
monthly. The suitability rating shown on this report is current as of the
dividends or distributions of capital. Aggressive Risk/Wealth Accumulation
the published date, the new rating will not be reflected until the analyst
operating history, limited or less predictable revenues, high risk associated
not eligible for sale in the United States unless they are listed on
legal issues, and the meaningful risk of loss of principal.
only and does not represent a solicitation for the purchase or
RJL Suitability Ratings
Investing in securities of issuers organized outside of the United States,
RJL has developed a proprietary algorithm for risk rating individual securities.
to, the reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
refreshed at least monthly. Accordingly, suitability ratings are updated
Investors who have received this report may be prohibited in certain
report's published date. In the event that a suitability rating changes after
this report. Please ask your RJA financial advisor for additional details
publishes a subsequent report.
or jurisdiction.
International Disclosures
James and is being provided to you by RJFS solely for informative
For clients of RJA: Any foreign securities discussed in this report are generally
and requests for additional information to their RJFS financial
a U.S. exchange. This report is being provided to you for informational purposes
British Columbia, New Brunswick, Ontario and Quebec (collectively,
sale of a security in any state where such a solicitation would be illegal.
dealer exemption (the “IDE”), and RJA is also relying on
including ADRs, may entail certain risks.
and 8.26 of National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements,
The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be registered with, nor be subject
are not registered to make a trade nor is RJA registered to provide
Commission. There may be limited information available on such securities.
of the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada.
states or other jurisdictions from purchasing the securities mentioned in
who are permitted clients as set forth in NI 31-103. Neither RJA, RJFS
and to determine if a particular security is eligible for purchase in your state
PAGE 7 OF 10
For clients of RJFS: This report was prepared and published by Raymond
purposes. Any person receiving this report from RJFS should direct all questions
advisor.
For RJA and RJFS clients in Canada: In the Canadian provinces of Alberta,
the “Canadian Jurisdictions”), both RJA and RJFS are relying on the international
the international adviser exemption (the “IAE”), pursuant to sections 8.18
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”). RJA and RJFS
advice in the Canadian Jurisdictions. Neither RJA nor RJFS are members
This report is intended solely for residents of the Canadian Jurisdictions US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
nor their representatives are making an offer to sell or soliciting an offer
to buy any security issued by an issuer incorporated, formed or created
under the laws of Canada (“Canadian issuers”) and discussed in this report.
Any trades by permitted clients in any securities of Canadian issuers
(whether listed on a U.S., Canadian or other exchange) discussed in this report
may not be made through a relationship with RJA or RJFS and shall
be directed to RJL for execution. Relationships with clients residing in Canadian
Jurisdictions for trading in securities of Canadian issuers must be
established through a Canadian registered firm, such as RJL. For additional
information regarding establishing a relationship with RJL, Canadian
clients should contact 1-888-545-6624.
the report meets all applicable CIRO disclosure requirements. RJL
For clients of RJL: In the case where there is Canadian analyst contribution,
by RJFI or Raymond James Wealth Management Limited (RJWM), as
is a member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund.
the sole use of the persons to whom it is addressed, being persons who
For clients of RJFI and RJWM: This report is prepared for and distributed
rules or persons described in Articles 19(5) (Investment professionals)
applicable, and any investment to which this report relates is intended for
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order
are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients as described in the FCA
be directed. It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly
or 49(2) (High net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of
such persons and is, therefore, not intended for private individuals or
2005 (as amended) or any other person to whom this promotion may lawfully
is for the use of professional investment advisers and managers and
or indirectly, to any other class of persons and may not be relied upon by
with respect to conflict of interest management. RJFI and RJWM
those who would be classified as retail clients.
and regulated by the Autorite de Controle Prudentiel et de Resolution
For clients of RJIS: This report is prepared for and distributed by RJIS, and
is an unaffiliated entity of Raymond James. RJ France is located at
is not intended for use by retail clients.
is prepared for and distributed by RJ France pursuant to an agreement
For purposes of the FCA requirements, this report is classified as independent
intended for the sole use of the persons to whom it is addressed, being
are authorised and regulated by the FCA.
in "Code Monetaire et Financier" and Reglement General de l'Autorite
For clients of Raymond James France (RJ France):RJ France is authorised
directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons and may not be relied
and the Autorite des Marches Financiers. As of 30 November, 2020, RJ France
or those who would be classified as retail clients.
SAS, 45 Avenue George V, 75008, Paris, France, +33 1 45 61 64 90. This report
between Raymond James & Associates and its selected
with Raymond James, and any investment to which this report relates is
individuals in Brazil and is not intended for distribution to, or use
persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients as described
is provided for informational purposes only, (ii) should not be construed
des Marches Financiers. It is not intended to be distributed or passed on,
or any related financial instruments, and (iii) should not be
upon by such persons and is, therefore, not intended for private individuals
or any related financial instruments. If you are not the named addressee,
For recipients in Brazil: This is a strictly privileged and confidential communication
notify the sender immediately if you have mistakenly received this
clients. This communication contains information addressed only to specific
in Brazil. Accordingly, the investments in this report have not been
by, any person other than the named addressee. This communication (i)
(Comissão de Valores Mobiliários, the “CVM”), nor have they
in any manner as any solicitation or offer to buy or sell any investment opportunities
to the investments in this report, as well as the information contained
construed in any manner as a public offer of any investment opportunities
products is not a public offering of securities in Brazil; nor (ii)
you should not disseminate, distribute, or copy this communication. Please
the public in Brazil.
communication.
this report is prepared for and distributed in Australia by RJFI with the
The investments analyzed in this report may not be offered or sold to the public
is only available in Australia to persons who are “wholesale clients” (as
and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission
is supplied solely for the use of such wholesale clients and shall not be
been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating
that if you are in Australia, you are a “wholesale client”. This research is
therein, may not be: (i) supplied to the public in Brazil, as the offering of investment
the objectives, financial situation, or needs of the individual recipient.
used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to
exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services
For clients in Australia: Despite anything in this report to the contrary,
provided to Australian wholesale clients under the exemption in
assistance of RJA, and RJA at times will act on behalf of RJFI. This report
Transitional) Instrument 2016/396 and extended by ASIC Corporations
that term is defined in section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and
UK laws, which differ from Australian laws. RJA is acting on behalf of
distributed or passed on to any other person. You represent and warrant
it does not take into account your financial situation, needs, goals or
of a general nature only and has been prepared without taking into account
Markets Conduct Act 2013 (NZ) (“FMCA”). In New Zealand, it is intended
RJFI and RJA do not hold an Australian financial services license. RJFI is
be disseminated to retail clients or reproduced in any form. This report
license under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of financial services
and are under no circumstances to be construed as, an offer of financial
ASIC Class Order 03/1099 (as continued by ASIC Corporations (Repeal and
FMCA; (ii) have not been registered, filed with or approved by any New
(Amendment) Instrument 2022/623). RJFI is regulated by the UK FCA under
(iii) are not a disclosure document under New Zealand law and do not
RJFI with respect to distribution and communications related to this report.
PAGE 8 OF 10
For clients in New Zealand: This report contains general information only,
risk tolerance and does not constitute financial advice under the Financial
for “wholesale clients” only (for the purposes of the FMCA) and it is not to
and the information contained in or accompanying this report: (i) are not,
products for issue requiring disclosure to an investor under Part 3 of the
Zealand regulatory authority or under or in accordance with the FMCA; and US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
contain all the information that a disclosure document is required to contain
under New Zealand law.
For recipients in Taiwan: This report is being distributed to you from outside
of Taiwan, and such distribution has not been licensed or approved
by the regulators of Taiwan. This report is only available in Taiwan to persons
who are “professional investors” (as that term is defined in the Rules
Governing Securities Firms Engaging in Brokerage of Foreign Securities) and
is supplied solely for the use of such professional investors. No person
to whom a copy of this report is provided may issue, circulate or distribute
this report in Taiwan, or make, give or show a copy of this report to
any other person.
and all other contracts and related documents be drafted in the
For clients in Québec: Each client confirms its express wish that this document
ainsi que tous les autres contrats et documents s’y rattachant soient
English language. Chaque client confirme sa volonté expresse que ce document
communication between Raymond James & Associates, Inc., and the
rédigés en langue anglaise.
and does not constitute an offer document nor a solicitation of
For recipients in India: This report is a strictly privileged and confidential
The recipient is solely responsible for making its own appraisal and
selected recipients. This report is prepared solely for informational purposes
in this report, including independent evaluation regarding the legal,
offer to buy or sell or subscribe to any securities by or to any person in India.
therein, and the information comprised therein) has been prepared for
independent investment decisions in connection with the securities discussed
SBI. RJA is not an affiliate of SBI. SBI is registered in Japan with the
credit, tax, accounting, and reporting aspects of such securities.
(kinyu shouhin torihiki gyousha, a “FIBO”) registered with the
Additional SBI Client Disclaimers
Instruments Business) No. 44) to engage in the Type I Financial
The content of this report (including the views and opinions expressed
Financial Instruments Business (dai 2-shu kinyu shouhin torihiki gyou),
and is distributed by SBI, pursuant to an arrangement between RJA and
jogen gyou / toushi dairi gyou), and the Securities Related Business
Financial Services Agency (“FSA”) as a Financial Instruments Business Operator
to qualified institutional investors (tekikaku kikan toushika, “QIIs”)
FSA (Registration Number: Director of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act (“FIEA”). Any QIIs wishing to purchase,
Instruments Business (dai 1-shu kinyu shouhinn torihiki gyou), the Type II
your sales representative. References to or commentary on the
the Investment Advisory Business and Investment Agency Business (toushi
of their impact on securities traded with SBI or its partners or third-party
(yukashouken kanren gyou). This report is only for distribution by SBI in Japan
futures has been provided to you and accordingly the information is not
for whom exist certain disclosure and other obligations under the Financial
person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality,
deal or otherwise discuss the securities covered in this report should contact
availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation. If your status
futures markets contained in this report are provided only in the context
to receive this report, please contact your usual SBI representative.
service providers, including RJA for U.S. securities. No facility for trading
he is entitled to receive such report in accordance with the restrictions
provided in connection with a dealing in futures.
Any failure to comply with these limitations may constitute a violation
This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any
supplied to you strictly on the basis that it will remain confidential. No
state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication,
reproduced in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed or passed on,
has changed or the distribution restrictions set forth above impact your ability
without the prior written consent of SBI.
By accepting this report, the recipient hereof represents and warrants that
be correct and reliable at the time of issue of this report.
set forth above and agrees to be bound by the limitations contained herein.
to issue regular reports on the subject matter of this report at any
of law and limit our ability to provide reports to you. This report is being
at any time. Neither RJA nor SBI is under any obligation to update this
part of this report may be (i) copied, photocopied, duplicated, stored or
report. Neither RJA nor SBI has any and will accept any, obligation to
directly or indirectly, to any other person in whole or in part, for any purpose
or relevant, (ii) ensure that the content of this report constitutes all the
The information contained in this report is prepared from data believed to
accuracy, completeness, reliability or fairness of any views, opinions
Under the terms of the agreement between RJA and SBI, RJA is not required
(and their respective directors, associates, connected persons and/or
frequency and it may cease to do so or change the periodicity of reports
(including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential
report in the event of a material change to the information contained in this
Such sources will, unless otherwise specified, for market data, be market
(i) check or ensure that the contents of this report remain current, reliable
the relevant security is listed, or, where appropriate, any other market.
information a prospective investor may require, (iii) ensure the adequacy,
be based on published statements of the company(ies), information
and information, and accordingly, SBI, its affiliates and related persons
information. Whilst every effort is made to ensure that statements of
employees) shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any consequences
expressions of opinion and other subjective judgments contained in
losses, loss of profits and damages) of any reliance thereon or usage thereof.
the date of the document in which they are contained and must not be
Unless otherwise specified, this report is based upon reasonable sources.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.
data and prices available from the main stock exchange or market where
may, depending on the investments in question, lose more than the
Information on the accounts and business of company(ies) will generally
or on behalf of SBI or RJA, or their respective affiliates to any person to
disseminated by regulatory information services, other publicly available
PAGE 9 OF 10
facts made in this report are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts,
this report are based on assumptions considered to be reasonable as of
construed as a representation that the matters referred to therein will occur.
The value of investments may go down as well as up and those investing
initial investment. No report shall constitute an offer or an invitation by US RESEARCH
THE HOME DEPOT, INC.
buy or sell any investments.
directors, associates, connected parties and/or employees may own or
SBI and/or its respective affiliates and related corporations, their respective
securities related thereto and may from time to time add to or dispose
have positions in securities of the company(ies) covered in this report or any
affiliates and its related corporations do and seek to do business with the
of, or may be materially interested in, any such securities. Further, SBI, its
maker or have assumed an underwriting commitment in securities
company(ies) covered in this report and may from time to time act as market
a principal basis and may also perform or seek to perform significant
of such company(ies), may sell them to or buy them from customers on
to such company(ies) as well as solicit such investment, advisory
investment banking, advisory, underwriting or placement services for or relating
conflicts of interest are disclosed above these Additional SBI Client
or other services from any entity mentioned in this report. Any of RJA’s material
Specific Disclosures,” and “Investor Disclosures.”
Disclaimers, particularly in the sections titled “Analyst Information,” “Company
expressed are based on information it believes to be accurate and
By RJA producing this report for SBI, RJA has confirmed to SBI that the opinions
sources at the time made.
complete and obtained through reliable public or other non-confidential
its affiliates, subsidiaries and related companies. The term “SBI” shall
The term “RJA” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean RJA and
the report in the particular jurisdiction referenced below, or, in every
denote, where appropriate, the relevant entity distributing or disseminating
its affiliates, subsidiaries and related corporations.
other case except as otherwise stated herein, SBI Securities Co., Ltd. and
for your personal, noncommercial use. Except as expressly authorized
Proprietary Rights Notice
distribute, publish, broadcast, circulate, modify, disseminate, or
By accepting a copy of this report, you acknowledge and agree as follows:
electronic, or any other form, in any manner, without the prior express
This report is confidential and is provided to clients of Raymond James only
to use this report or its contents, or to permit such use by others,
by Raymond James, you may not copy, reproduce, transmit, sell, display,
any software program, including any artificial intelligence, augmented
commercially exploit the information contained in this report, in printed,
technologies, including without limitation technologies that
written consent of Raymond James. You also agree not to reproduce or otherwise
provided, however, with regards to (ii), (iii), or (iv) above, unless and only
(i) for any unlawful purpose; (ii) in or to create any derivative work; (iii) in
James. This report and its contents are the property of Raymond
reality, or virtual reality platform or system; or (iv) for training artificial intelligence
property laws (of the United States and other countries). United
are capable of generating works in the same style or genre as this report;
for copyright infringement. No copyright claimed in incorporated
to the extent as may be otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by Raymond
PAGE 10 OF 10
James and are protected by applicable copyright, trade secret or other intellectual
States law, 17 U.S.C. Sec. 501 et. seq., provides for civil and criminal penalties
U.S. government works.
© 2026 Raymond James Financial, Inc. All rights reserved.
© 2026 Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
© 2026 Raymond James Ltd., Member Canadian Investor Protection Fund